the most insightful stories data science - medium write explore topics data science technology machine learning programming artificial intelligence self improvement writing python relationships deep learning data science topic 4.5m ers 299k stories recommended stories leonie monigatti in towards data science advanced retrieval-augmented generation: from theory to llamaindex implementation how to address limitations of naive rag pipelines by implementing targeted advanced rag techniques in python 1 day ago 6 bill franks in analytics matters is our education system optimizing for the wrong outcomes? we're not optimizing for the right outcomes in today's educational system. we need to focus on more than grades and test scores. feb 13, 2024 mariya mansurova in towards data science text embeddings: comprehensive guide evolution, visualisation, and applications of text embeddings feb 13, 2024 15 15 cristian leo in towards data science reinforcement learning 101: building a rl agent decoding the math behind reinforcement learning, introducing the rl framework, and building one rl simulation from scratch in python. 1 day ago 5 5 zach quinn in pipeline: your data engineering resource if you missed this bigquery you could lose your sql queries what you need to do to avoid losing your work in the fast-approaching google cloud bigquery studio migration. 1 day ago leonie monigatti in towards data science advanced retrieval-augmented generation: from theory to llamaindex implementation how to address limitations of naive rag pipelines by implementing targeted advanced rag techniques in python 1 day ago 6 bill franks in analytics matters is our education system optimizing for the wrong outcomes? we're not optimizing for the right outcomes in today's educational system. we need to focus on more than grades and test scores. feb 13, 2024 mariya mansurova in towards data science text embeddings: comprehensive guide evolution, visualisation, and applications of text embeddings feb 13, 2024 15 cristian leo in towards data science reinforcement learning 101: building a rl agent decoding the math behind reinforcement learning, introducing the rl framework, and building one rl simulation from scratch in python. 1 day ago 5 zach quinn in pipeline: your data engineering resource if you missed this bigquery you could lose your sql queries what you need to do to avoid losing your work in the fast-approaching google cloud bigquery studio migration. 1 day ago lucianosphere (luciano abriata, phd) in towards data science the most advanced libraries for data visualization and analysis on the web a careful selection looking for performance, flexibility, and richness of features. feb 13, 2024 2 anmol tomar 16 python tricks to learn before you write your next code tricks that will make your life easier as a python developer 9 hours ago salvatore raieli in level up coding indirect reasoning for llms: not always there is a direct way to the answer contrapositive and contradiction for automated reasoning can your model find the right answering 1 day ago 1 see more recommended stories