37 french recipes olivemagazine podcast video travel reviews search recipes back to main menu new recipes seasonal back to recipes celeriac recipes orange recipes leek recipes quick & easy back to recipes midweek meal recipes 20 minute recipes quick healthy recipes breakfast recipes back to recipes smoothie recipes pancake recipes brunch recipes lunch recipes back to recipes quick & easy lunch soup recipes healthy lunch dinner recipes back to recipes curry recipes traybake recipes one pot recipes desserts back to recipes british puddings no bake desserts healthy desserts vegan back to recipes vegan recipes vegan desserts quick vegan recipes vegetarian back to recipes quick vegetarian recipes vegetarian curries meat free recipe ideas chicken recipes back to recipes healthy chicken recipes quick chicken recipes leftover chicken recipes seafood recipes back to recipes fish recipes salmon recipes fish curry recipes cuisines back to recipes spanish recipes greek recipes korean recipes pasta back to recipes cheesy pasta vegetable pasta healthy pasta baking back to main menu cakes back to baking birthday cake ideas boozy cake recipes loaf cake recipes breads back to baking sourdough recipes garlic bread recipe baguette recipe sweet treats back to baking jam doughnuts puff pastry recipes choco chip cookies savoury bakes back to baking savoury tarts filo pastry recipes savoury pies vegan bakes back to baking vegan desserts vegan cakes vegan cookies afternoon tea back to baking scones recipe layer cake recipes jam recipes baking reviews back to baking best stand mixers best mixing bowls best loaf tins best brownie tins best kitchen scales best cooling racks health back to main menu healthy breakfast back to health high fibre breakfast gluten free breakfast healthy gut breakfast healthy dinners back to health low fat dinners dairy free dinners healthy comfort dinners low calorie recipes back to health low calorie breakfasts low calorie lunches low calorie snacks high protein recipes back to health high-protein breakfasts high-protein meals high-protein veg healthy baking back to health sugar-free baking oat bakes healthy sweets salads back to health warm salad recipes healthy salads vegetarian salads soup back to health vegetarian soup vegan soup noodle soup health guides back to health detox antioxidant foods improve gut health superfoods lowdown mood boosting recipes vegetarian back to main menu vegetarian meals back to vegetarian vegetarian pasta vegetarian curries vegetarian slow cooker vegan meals back to vegetarian plant based recipes iron-rich meals vegan comfort food vegetarian snacks back to vegetarian vegetable fritters mozzarella sticks small bites vegetarian entertaining back to vegetarian vegetarian starters vegetarian canapes vegetable side dishes healthy vegetarian back to vegetarian low-calorie veg low-carb veg high-protein veg quick meals back to vegetarian vegetarian leftovers one pot vegetarian budget vegetarian entertain back to main menu party food back to entertain party platters canapes starters meze tapas mains back to entertain chef recipes sharing mains french dishes italian dishes vegan mains desserts back to entertain individual desserts italian desserts chocolate desserts french desserts roulades cocktails back to entertain celebration cocktails prosecco cocktails champagne cocktails 3-ingredient cocktails drinks back to main menu cocktails back to drinks easy cocktails tequila cocktails 3-ingredients cocktails coffee back to drinks making coffee at home how to make a flat white make a cappuccino wine back to drinks best champagnes vinho verde italian red wines spirits back to drinks best vodkas to try english whiskey tequila guide gin back to drinks best 2023 gins welsh gins pink gins to try mocktails back to drinks virgin mary mocktail martini mocktail mojito mocktail inspiration back to main menu deals back to inspiration ninja deals kitchenaid deals nespresso deals podcasts back to inspiration baking trends pakistani cuisine cider lowdown green kitchen series kitchen appliances back to inspiration best slow cookers best kitchenaid mixers best ninja air fryers best multi cookers travel back to inspiration cook like a local weekend getaways uk boutique hotels city guides coffee machine reviews back to inspiration best coffee pod machine best bean coffee machine best espresso machine coffee machine deals gift guides back to inspiration best birthday gifts best chocolate gifts gin gifts sustainable gifts restaurants back to inspiration new london restaurants new uk restaurants party restaurants budget vs blowout podcast video travel reviews home recipes collection 37 french recipes 37 french recipes loading... get 5 issues for 5 when you to our magazine escape to provence, dijon and beyond with our gourmet recipes, from impressive souffles to confit duck, indulgent dauphinoise potatoes to tarte tatin twists on facebook on on pinterest on whatsapp to a friend looking for french recipes? want the best french tarte tatin? try our ideas and twists below then check out our best french starters . advertisement create the best french picnic with rillettes, baguette fillings and perfect patisserie. or try restaurant-quality family meal ideas... start with cheesy souffles before a pot of boeuf bourguignon or an impressive tartiflette, and serve the likes of dauphinoise potatoes on the side. there's tarte tatin and armagnac souffle for dessert, too. we also have regional french recipes from food writer and author felicity cloake. in her book one more croissant for the road, felicity tells tales and s recipes from her weeks cycling and eating her way around france. buy it here on amazon . tuck into your french food and escape to france virtually with our foodie road trip in normandy . not spotted your favourite french dish? do you know an awesome french chef or food writer that you'd like to see featured here? us or us on social media at @olivemagazine to let us know! more like this easy french recipes french onion soup this deeply flavoured, beefy onion soup is topped with bubbling cheese melts, perfect for a comforting meal. homemade croissants homemade croissants are achievable you just need a little time, patience and know-how. here's how to get them right every time. coq au vin tender, slow-cooked chicken is the star in this dish, a classic french recipe that will never go out of style. pain au chocolat our tips and tricks to make a classic pain au chocolat a buttery, rich and crisp french pastry, best served with a mug of tea or coffee. tartiflette show off your skills to dinner guests with this comforting tartiflette epinards, finished with a heavenly bacon crumb. this recipe comes from maison francois, a french brasserie and bar in london. eggs en cocotte with swiss chard and smoked haddock this classically french egg recipe sees eggs slow cooked with smoked haddock and swiss chard for a delicious brunch, lunch or even a light dinner. bavette steak also known as flank or flap steak, this easy bavette steak with a quick homemade pesto and fried broccoli is a real treat and will be on the table in 30 minutes. tartiflette tart you can make everything for this tart pastry shell and filling ahead of time. just fill with crispy bacon lardons, pickled cornichons and melt-in-the-mouth reblochon cheese and bake to serve. provencal poussins with epices rabelais, shallots and dates use classic french seasoning to flavour provencal-style poussins, cooked here in fragrant spiced butter, orange juice and vermouth. alpine croute savoyarde next-level cheese on toast, this comforting open-faced sandwich is covered in melted cheese, soaked in white wine and topped with ham and crispy fried eggs for pure indulgence. recipe author felicity cloake says "alpine cheese on toast, basically, and just the thing to warm your cockles after a hard morning cycling up mountains, or falling over in snowdrifts or alternatively, just a bracing autumnal walk. if you don't have stale bread to use up, you can make this with fresh stuff, just toast it first to dry it out." macaronade setoise originating from southern france, this robust pasta dish is made by simmering steak and sausages in a rich, chilli powder-laced tomato sauce. recipe author felicity cloake says "the area around marseille has some truly excellent italian food, thanks to the many migrant sailors and dockers who settled there. this robust pasta dish, a speciality of sete, a little way along the coast, was very welcome indeed on a stormy summer night after a day battling city traffic." socca with sa tartinade this french socca recipe will serve up perfect unleavened pancake squares, as per claude bosi's mayfair restaurant. accompany with a garlicky aubergine dip. dauphinoise potatoes dauphinoise potatoes are an absolute classic. we love the combination of cream, garlic and cheese smothered on thinly sliced potatoes and it makes any meal feel more special. beef bourguignon classic, easy beef bourguignon to eat now or freeze for later. this hearty french recipe is great for a crowd and serves eight. chicken chasseur succulent chicken served with cheesy garlic mash is indulgence in its purest form perfect for a hearty meal without any of the fuss. quick duck confit our easy duck confit recipe is a quicker, healthier version of the french classic. the recipe to impress with restaurant-quality duck confit. french onion tart add a deliciously creamy onion filling to your pastry case then bake and serve for a weekend lunch. twice-baked goat's cheese souffles don't be intimidated by this easy starter or light lunch we have a step-by-step guide for you. these foolproof souffles can be chilled or frozen until you need to give them their second baking, so you'll be stress-free. steak with creamy peppercorn sauce steak frites is a popular dish at french brasseries. our version is a quick and easy meal, with homemade peppercorn sauce, which adds a touch of indulgence. discover how to cook the perfect steak and check out our collection of steak recipes . gruyere, fig and prosciutto croissants straight from the oven, these hot and toasty butter croissants with melty cheese and sweet figs make a really quick and easy continental-style breakfast. duck rillettes made with duck legs, this classic french-style recipe is like a pate but with shredded duck, packed into a terrine. serve with a green salad. steak tartare this classic dish doesn't have to be intimidating. our simple recipe makes for a great starter, just multiply the ingredients by how many people you are serving. turkey au vin give traditional coq au vin a christmassy twist by swapping out your chicken for turkey. butternut squash and gruyere pithivier our savoury pithivier is a vegetarian centrepiece to impress everyone. the butternut squash and gruyere make a deliciously rich filling for the golden puff pastry. tapenade got 10 minutes to spare? ditch the jar and make your own provencal-style tapenade instead. spread over toasted baguette for lunch or stuff into poultry for a main course. pork chops with pommes boulangere a simple idea for pork chops. serve with a comforting, light french-inspired baked potato dish. the trick is to slice the potatoes finely. add fresh greens on the side. ratatouille with crisp garlic sourdough our best and easiest ratatouille recipe is packed with tomatoes, aubergine, courgettes and red pepper. serve alongside sourdough with a kick of garlic. leek, green olive and sultana pissaladiere pissaladiere is a dish which originated from nice in southern france. the dough is usually a bread dough, thicker than that of the classic italian pizza. try our version using leeks, green olives and sultanas. chicory gratin this easy gratin recipe is made using chicory, also sometimes called endive. ready in just 20 minutes, it's a delicious and comforting french-inspired side dish. easy french desserts easy tarte tatin caramelised apples wrapped in puff pastry make a great dessert. these individual tarte tatins are designed to be easy but impressive enough for a dinner party. the cider-caramel sauce is a delicious finishing touch with a twist. normandy teurgoule soft, creamy and spiced, this slow-cooked rice pudding inspired by the normandy classic is as good cold as warm, and particularly nice with stewed apples on the side. recipe author felicity cloake says "the name of this slow- cooked rice pudding, which i found sold from vast earthenware dishes in a market in cherbourg, means "twist-mouth" in norman dialect apparently a reference to the large amounts of spice in the recipe." peach, pistachio and ricotta friands friands are mini french-style muffins with ground almonds and are so easy to make. this simple recipe and treat your friends and family to these pretty, ricotta and fruit-filled delights. prune and armagnac souffle making your own souffles from scratch might seem a bit daunting but if you this detailed recipe carefully, yours will be perfect. this rich version is served with a boozy armagnac custard. tarte au chocolat this classic french-style chocolate tart is a little effort to make, but the results are spectacular. butterscotch banana crepes check out this indulgent recipe with boozy banana and bourbon sauce. this quick and easy recipe, inspired by french crepes, makes a fun sweet treat to serve at gatherings with friends and family. chocolate fondant an easy recipe to make this favourite melt-in-the-middle chocolate dessert. still a winner on dinner party menus. serve with a little cream on the side. black treacle financiers these delicate black treacle financiers are served at the close of the set menu at the water house project, an ethically focused fine-dining restaurant in east london. advertisement calvados and apple granite this surprisingly punchy dessert doubles up as a palate cleanser and a post-dinner pick-me-up after a heavy french meal. comments, questions and tips choose the type of message you'd like to post choose the type of message you'd like to post comment question tip advertisement advertisement subscription offer today and get 5 issues for just 5! now advertisement want the latest recipe, kitchen and restaurant inspiration? to receive our newsletter! address by entering your details, you are agreeing to our and conditions and policy . you can un at any time. vegetarian recipe ideas get plenty of meat-free inspiration with our easy, versatile recipes go veggie easy baking ideas try our comforting classics and showstopping twists, from chocolate fudge cake to custard tarts and quick brownies get our best recipes delivered every month to olive magazine and get 5 issues for just 5 visit us on facebook visit us on visit us on instagram visit us on pinterest visit us on youtube visit us on rss us policy & conditions cookies policy complaints advertise us manage null logo this website is owned and published by immediate media company ltd immediate media company ltd. 2024 bbcgoodfood.com radiotimes.com gardenersworld.com madeformums.com historyextra.com therecommended.com olive shop trending now easy soup recipes high protein foods best slow cooker recipes family recipes tuna pasta bake best cauliflower cheese chicken risotto best recipe collections best halloumi recipes best prawn recipes best fish recipes baking classic chocolate brownies sourdough birthday cakes sunday lunch roast pork roast potatoes roast chicken vegetarian quick vegetarian recipes vegetarian pasta vegetarian curry