95 international recipes to make when you're craving global cuisine skip to main content join my my recipe box my newsletters my customer care recipes dinner easy recipes shop videos home recipes cuisines 95 international recipes to make when you're craving global cuisine caroline stanko updated: sep. 23, 2022 travel around the world without leaving your kitchen with these international recipes. from canada to australia, nigeria to braziland everywhere in between. 1 / 95 colcannon potatoes ireland: every irish family has its own version or this classic dish. my recipe comes from my father's family in ireland. it's part of my st. pat's menu, along with lamb chops, carrots and soda bread. marilou robinson, portland, oregon get recipe check out these chocolate desserts from around the world . 2 / 95 taste of home irish spiced beef ireland: the story goes that my irish ancestors brought this recipe along when they immigrated to the u.s. it takes nearly a week, start to finish, but that gives the meat time to become really tenderized and build up layers of flavor. mary shenk, dekalb, illinois go to recipe these doughnut recipes from around the worldare the best part of waking up. 3 / 95 scottish oatmeal rolls my family likes rolls that can hold up to scooping gravies, sauces and more. this recipe is a favorite. the oatmeal in the dough gives it a scottish touch. peggy goodrich, enid, oklahoma go to recipe 4 / 95 almond tea bread scotland: my aunt brought her tea bread recipe with her from scotland, and a fresh-baked loaf has become a family tradition during the holidays. each slice is loaded with red cherries. kathleen showers, briggsdale, colorado go to recipe find even more breads from around the world ! 5 / 95 taste of home english rhubarb crumble when i met my english husband and served him just the crumble, he said it was fantastic but really needed a custard sauce over it. we found a terrific sauce recipe from england, and now the pair is perfect together. i wouldn't serve it any other way. amy freeman, cave creek, arizona go to recipe 6 / 95 crispy fish & chips a british pub classic turns crown jewel when you add horseradish, panko and worcestershire. you can also try it with a white fish like cod or haddock. linda schend, kenosha, wisconsin go to recipe for dessert, serve up a scoop of raspberry ripple, or another frozen treat from around the world . 7 / 95 german potato dumplings germany: potato dumplings (called kartoffel kloesse in germany) are a delightful addition to any german feast. the browned butter sauce is delectable.arline hofland, deer lodge, montana go to recipe 8 / 95 oma's apfelkuchen (grandma's apple cake) germany: my husband's german family calls this oma's apfelkuchen, "grandma's apple cake." they've been sharing the recipe for more than 150 years. i use granny smith apples, but any variety works. amy kirchen, loveland, ohio amy kirchen, loveland, ohio go to recipe 9 / 95 taste of home aebleskiver denmark: years ago, a friend returned from visiting her family in denmark and brought back her family recipe for aebleskiver. after hearing her rave these tasty danish pancake balls sold in bakeries and at street markets there, i ordered an aebleskiver pan. i've been making them ever since. kristine chayes, smithtown, new york get recipe 10 / 95 sparkling peach bellinis folks will savor the subtle kiss of peach flavor in this elegant brunch beverage. taste of home test kitchen, milwaukee, wisconsin go to recipe 11 / 95 taste of home italian pasta sauce italy: as a special part of their wedding buffet, my daughter kris' husband fixed a big batch of this thick flavorful pasta sauce. the recipe was brought by his grandmother from italy 80 years ago. judy braun, juneau, wisconsin go to recipe 12 / 95 hazelnut macarons france: julia child had a love of life and french cooking, as she and and alex prud'homme described in the book my life in france. the woman who introduced americans to the delights of french cuisine would find these crisp, chewy french-style macarons cookies a delight, too! taste of home test kitchen go to recipe 13 / 95 cassoulet for today france: traditionally cooked for hours, this cassoulet recipe offers the same homey taste in less time. it's easy on the wallet, too. virginia anthony, jacksonville, florida go to recipe 14 / 95 taste of home finnish salmon and dill pie finland: being of finnish heritage, i am always thrilled when i find a family recipe. this salmon and dill pie came tumbling out of one of my grandmother's books. it will be a winner at any of your social functions. judy batson, tampa, florida get recipe 15 / 95 taste of home lemon & dill shrimp sandwiches our family took a once-in-a-lifetime trip to norway, where we got to eat incredible shrimp sandwiches like these. the crustier the bread, the better. monica kolva, millville, new jersey go to recipe 16 / 95 taste of home crispy norwegian bows norway: i've been fixing these cookies for so long, i don't recall where the recipe came from. they're a "must" at our house.janie norwood, albany, georgia go to recipe 17 / 95 taste of home classic swedish meatballs i'm a "svenska flicka" (swedish girl) from northwest iowa, where many swedes settled at the turn of the century. this recipe was given to me by a swedish friend. it's obviously a 20th century version of a 19th century favorite, since back then they didn't have bouillon cubes or evaporated milk! i think you'll agree that these modern-day "kottbullar" are very tasty. emily gould, hawarden, iowa go to recipe 18 / 95 taste of home swedish cream apple rings my mother made this classic coffee cake for every important holiday... thanksgiving, christmas and easter. now, i carry on the tradition. as i make them, i remember my mom, who was a lot like this recipe: soft and tasteful but full of surprises. the overnight rise let's you make the dough in advance so your morning won't be hectic.heather hood, hillsboro, oregon go to recipe 19 / 95 dutch letters these s-shaped super flaky butter pastries filled with almond paste and topped with crunchy sugar are popular in both iowa and holland during the christmas season. here's a recipe that will let you make and enjoy them all year round. shirley de lange, byron center, michigan go to recipe 20 / 95 dutch baby pancake with strawberry-almond compote pannekoeken, or dutch baked pancakes, are a treat in my husband's family. you can also try this recipe with vanilla extract, blueberries and lemon peel. jennifer beckman, falls church, virginia go to recipe 21 / 95 true belgian waffles it was during a visit to my husband's relatives in europe that i was given this belgian waffle recipe. these homemade waffles are fantastic with any kind of topping: blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, fried apples, powdered sugar or whipped topping. rose delemeester, st. charles, michigan go to recipe 22 / 95 steamed mussels with peppers belgium: use the french bread to soak up the deliciously seasoned broth. if you like food zippy, add the jalapeno seeds. taste of home test kitchen, milwaukee, wisconsin go to recipe 23 / 95 slow-cooked spicy portuguese cacoila you're probably used to pulled pork coated with barbecue sauce and made into sandwiches. portuguese pulled pork is a spicy dish often served at our large family functions. each cook generally adds his or her own touches that reflect their taste and portuguese heritage. a mixture of beef roast and pork can be used. michele merlino, exeter, rhode island go to recipe 24 / 95 taste of home shrimp mozambique portugal: this shrimp mozambique recipe was passed down from my grandma and is frequently made in our portuguese culture. variations include adding other seafood, such as clams, mussels or scallops. i've also made it with chicken since my kids will not eat seafood. christina souza, brooksville, florida get recipe 25 / 95 taste of home rabanadas (portuguese french toast) i find this dish a comforting reminder of my childhood. the creamy custard center contrasts deliciously with the cinnamon sugar crust. ana paula cioffi, hayward, california go to recipe 26 / 95 chicken paella spain: turmeric lends flavor and a pretty golden color to this spanish-style entree. haven't tried arborio rice? you'll love its creamy texture. go to recipe 27 / 95 patatas bravas spain: patatas bravas (which means "spicy potatoes") is the ultimate spanish comfort food. served tapas-style, the crispy potatoes and smoky sauce are difficult to resist. add a drizzle of garlic aioli for a richer flavor. taste of home test kitchen, milwaukee, wisconsin go to recipe 28 / 95 taste of home nana's italian roulade my great-aunt from sicily taught my mother how to stuff and bake a steak in a jelly-roll style. it's unique and really special in our family. roseanne mcdonald, days creek, oregon go to recipe 29 / 95 cuccidati the compliments from family and friends make these sicilian cookies worth the effort. it's the best recipe i've found! carolyn fafinski, dunkirk, new york go to recipe 30 / 95 taste of home kourambiethes greece: my daughter-in-law gave me this recipe. her grandmother was born in greece and bakes these cookies for special occasions, including christmas.carol dale, greenville, texas go to recipe 31 / 95 nikki's perfect pastitsio my mother used to work so hard in the kitchen to make this classic greek dish, and the results were always well worth her effort. my recipe for pastitsio is easier, a bit lighter and every bit as great as mom's.nikki tsangaris, westfield, indiana go to recipe 32 / 95 caramel apple strudel my father, who was born and raised in vienna, austria, would tell us stories how his mother covered all the kitchen counters with dough whenever she made apple strudel. this recipe is a modern, delicious way to carry on part of my family's heritage. sarah haengel, bowie, maryland go to recipe 33 / 95 taste of home austrian walnut cookies austria: known as palatschinkens in austria, these rich cookies melt in your mouth. the delicate, tender pastry surrounds a walnut filling that's just sweet enough. the recipe comes from a co-worker who was known for her wonderful baked goods. donna gaston, coplay, pennsylvania go to recipe 34 / 95 homemade polish pierogi poland: my mother made many dozens of these and measured ingredients using the palm of her hand. we've passed the recipe down over the years as the family has grown. veronica weinkauf, south bend, indiana go to recipe 35 / 95 taste of home khruchiki poland: this traditional khruchiki recipe has been handed down through my mother's side from my great-grandmother. as a child, it was my job to loop the end of each cookie through its hole. sherine elise gilmour, brooklyn, new york go to recipe 36 / 95 chicken yakitori japan: i grew up in tokyo, and some of my favorite memories include eating street food like this dish with my friends. although we now live thousands of miles apart, my friends and i still reminisce our nights sharing secrets and bonding over delicious meals. this one is easy to re-create at home, which makes it perfect for when i'm feeling homesick. i like to serve it with rice. lindsay howerton-hastings, greenville, south carolina go to recipe 37 / 95 taste of home curried beef stew japan: my mother, who was japanese, made a dish very similar to this. after a lot of experimenting, i came up with a version that is very close to the one she used to make. this beef curry stew recipe is special to me because it brings back memories of my mother. gloria gowins, dalton, ohio go to recipe 38 / 95 poteca nut roll yugoslavia: my mother-in-law brought this recipe from yugoslavia in the early 1900's. it was a tradition in her family to serve it for holidays and special occasions. now it's my tradition. family members often roll our the dough and add the filling. mrs. anthony setta, saegertown, pennsylvania go to recipe 39 / 95 taste of home bohemian kolaches this kolache recipe was given to me by my mother-in-law, who received it from her mother! it was a standard treat in their family, made nearly every week. now i make these kolaches for my own family for special occasions. maxine hron, quincy, illinois go to recipe 40 / 95 beef paprikash with fire-roasted tomatoes beef paprikash, a hungarian dish, makes a marvelous sunday dinner. we prefer it with kluski egg noodles, or try mashed potatoes. gloria bradley, naperville, illinois go to recipe 41 / 95 sour cream cucumbers it's been a tradition at our house to serve this dish with the other hungarian specialties my mom learned to make from the women at church. it's especially good during the summer when the cucumbers are fresh-picked from the garden. pamela eaton, monclova, ohio go to recipe 42 / 95 beef suya nigeria: my nigerian brother-in-law introduced me to beef suya, a very spicy street food that's popular in western africa. i was intrigued when i found out the spice rub is made from ground peanuts and a blend of different seasonings. after lots of experimenting, i came up with my own version. elena iorga, irvine, california go to recipe 43 / 95 coconut-mango malva pudding south africa: my friend d this amazing malva pudding recipe with me. malva pudding is a dense, spongy cake drenched in a rich, sticky butter sauce. my slow-cooker, tropical spin incorporates a creamy coconut sauce and juicy mangoes! carmell childs, orangeville, utah go to recipe 44 / 95 taste of home israeli malabi with pomegranate syrup israel: malabi is a very famous, easy sweet milk pudding from israel. for this recipe i learned from a friend, you can use rose syrup instead of pomegranate syrup. kanwaljeet chhabra, eden prairie, minnesota get recipe 45 / 95 charoset charoset with apples, walnuts and spices has a special meaning for the passover holiday. it represents mortar used for brickmaking when the israelites were in egypt. the sweetness represents freedom. gloria mezikofsky, wakefield, massachusetts go to recipe 46 / 95 malfouf lebanon: malfouf, also known as lebanese cabbage rolls, is a delicacy in the middle east. not only are cabbage rolls delicious, but they dress up any table with their beautiful presentation. michael & mathil chebat, layla's lebanese restaurant get recipe 47 / 95 tabouleh lebanon: tabouleh, also known as tabbouleh, is a classic middle eastern salad. the fresh veggies and mint leaves make it light and refreshing on a hot day. michael & mathil chebat, layla's lebanese restaurant get recipe 48 / 95 the musical "waitress" rose water rice pudding lebanon: rose water rice pudding is a popular middle eastern treat. pomegranate seeds and chopped pistachios add a simple yet elegant touch to this floral lebanese specialty. michael & mathil chebat, layla's lebanese restaurant, lake ridge, virginia get recipe 49 / 95 lehmejun (armenian pizza) armenia: this pizza-style recipe came from my friend ruby's mom, who is a crazy-good cook. i added my own flair and tweaked it by using flour tortillas instead of making a dough. tamar yacoubian, ketchum, idaho go to recipe 50 / 95 taste of home new zealand rosemary lamb shanks new zealand: when i was young my family lived in new zealand for two years after the war. one item that was always available was lamb shanks. mother cooked them all the time with root vegetables, and to this day i love lamb! nancy heishman, las vegas, nevada go to recipe 51 / 95 shortbread new zealand: i live in missouri, but many family recipes come from new zealand where i was born. my parents moved there when i was a year old, so i have a "down under" heritage. these special-occasion cookies bring back warm memories of my childhood, and i'm going to make sure they're passed on to the next generation in my familyno matter where they live! allen swenson, camdenton, missouri go to recipe 52 / 95 taste of home beef & onion piroshki russia: when i lived in seattle, one of my favorite places was a small stand that sold piroshkirussian stuffed pocket sandwiches. whenever i'm missing my former town, i make my own batch. julie merriman, seattle, washington go to recipe 53 / 95 taste of home roasted beet jam russia: this spicy jam recipe is from my russian grandmother, who had no written recipes and who gave a few jars of the jam as gifts. i re-created the recipe from memory and think of her each time i prepare it. if you want to increase the yield, it's easy to double the recipe. i like to serve the jam on buttered toast or with cream cheese on toasted pita. the jars, which are dark red from the beets, make a welcome gift.susan asanovic, wilton, connecticut go to recipe 54 / 95 chicken tikka masala this indian-style chicken tikka masala recipe has flavors that keep me coming back for morea simple dish spiced with garam masala, cumin and gingerroot that's simply amazing. jaclyn bell, logan, utah go to recipe 55 / 95 mango lassi india: learn how to make mango lassi, the perfect summer drink any mango lover will love. mango lassi is a sweet and refreshing treat only needs 6 ingredients! namrata telugu, terre haute, indiana go to recipe 56 / 95 taste of home thai red curry chicken & vegetables india: the key to this curry chicken is getting complex flavors without a heavy feel. for the veggies, i like colorful pea pods, sweet red peppers and water chestnuts. david dahlman, chatsworth, california go to recipe 57 / 95 vegetable pad thai classic flavors of thailand abound in this fragrant and flavorful dish featuring peanuts, tofu and noodles. new to tofu? it gives the entree its satisfying protein, for a delicious way to introduce it to your diet. sara landry, brookline, massachusetts go to recipe 58 / 95 taste of home thai chicken thighs these very tender and moist chicken thighs come with a tangy peanut butter sauce that is irresistible. taste of home test kitchen, milwaukee, wisconsin go to recipe 59 / 95 slow-cooker malaysian chicken malaysia: malaysian food has influences from the malays, chinese, indians, thai, portuguese and british. in this dish, asian ingredients combine for maximum flavor, and the sweet potatoes to thicken the sauce as the dish slowly cooks. suzanne banfield, basking ridge, new jersey go to recipe 60 / 95 chinese scallion pancakes unlike american pancakes, cong you bing (chinese scallion pancakes), are made from a dough instead of a batter. the tasty appetizers are the perfect sponge for mopping up extra sauce and can be made ahead of time for convenience. just wrap a green onion pancake in foil and reheat in the oven. jenni sharp, milwaukee, wisconsin go to recipe try this tanghulu recipe next! 61 / 95 sweet-and-sour pork with pineapple china: after my sister moved away to the university, i used to visit her on weekends. she often made this wonderful and tangy pork dish. now, every time i make it for my family, it reminds me of those special visits. everyone who tries it loves it. -cherry williams, st. albert, alberta go to recipe 62 / 95 vietnamese pork lettuce wraps casual, flavorful and low in carbohydrates, these vietnamese pork lettuce wraps are a perfect and low-fuss way to feed a group. place the ingredients in separate dishes and let your guests assemble their own wrap, which allows them to personalize to suit their tastes. gretchen barnes, fairfax, virginia go to recipe 63 / 95 pork & vegetable spring rolls i thought rice paper wrappers would be a quick, fun way to put salad ingredients into a hand-held snack or meal. i also make this with shrimp or add in cranberries. go ahead, experiment! marla strader, ozark, missouri go to recipe 64 / 95 stir-fry rice bowl my meatless version of korean bibimbap is tasty, pretty and easy to tweak for different spice levels. devon delaney, westport, connecticut go to recipe 65 / 95 korean sausage bowl south korea: when we hosted a student from south korea, she d some of her favorite korean dishes. we especially like bibimbap. i created a variation on the dish with italian sausage. michal riege, cedarburg, wisconsin go to recipe 66 / 95 taste of home filipino adobo aromatic chicken philippines: this saucy chicken packs a wallop of flavorsalty, sweet, sour, slightly spicy and even a little umami. it can be made on the stove, too. any way i make it, i think it tastes even better the next day served over warm rice. loanne chiu, fort worth, texas go to recipe 67 / 95 bola-bola philippines: bola-bola (filipino-style meatballs) can be served as an appetizer or stirred into soup. some versions of this recipe roll the meatballs in flour or bread crumbs before frying for a crisp coating. serve plain or with a dipping sauce. taste of home test kitchen go to recipe 68 / 95 taste of home banana ketchup phillippines: though popularized in the philippines, it made its way into the us by way of fast-food chain jollibee, featured in their filipino spaghetti dish. you can find bottles on the shelves in any filipino supermarket, but the store-bought version may not be the easiest to find in some places, so we wrote a recipe for a homemade version of this condiment as well. sarah tramonte, milwaukee, wisconsin go to recipe 69 / 95 aussie sausage rolls i was born and raised in australia, but moved to the u.s. when i got married. when i long for some australian recipes, i bake up a batch of this sausage roll recipe and them with neighbors or co-workers. melissa landon, port charlotte, florida go to recipe 70 / 95 taste of home zimtsterne switzerland: during december, homes and bakeries in switzerland are filled with the aroma of classic cookies like these "zimtsterne." taste of home test kitchen go to recipe 71 / 95 slow-cooker chickpea tagine morocco: while traveling through morocco, my wife and i fell in love with the complex flavors of the many tagines we tried. resist the urge to stir this dish too much, as it will break down the veggies. add shredded cooked chicken in the last 10 minutes, or serve with grilled fish. raymond wyatt, west st. paul, minnesota go to recipe 72 / 95 moroccan pot roast morocco: my husband loves his meat and i love my veggies, so we're both happy with this spiced twist on the beefy pot roast. with chickpeas, eggplant, honey and mint, it's like something you'd eat at a marrakech bazaar. catherine dempsey, clifton park, new york go to recipe 73 / 95 tomato-garlic lentil bowls an ethiopian recipe inspired this feel-good dinner that's tangy, creamy and packed with hearty comfort. rachael cushing, portland, oregon go to recipe 74 / 95 argentine lasagna my family is from argentina, which has a strong italian heritage and large cattle ranches. one of our favorite argentinian recipes is this all-in-one lasagna packed with meat, cheese and veggies. sylvia maenenr, omaha, nebraska go to recipe 75 / 95 lime and dill chimichurri shrimp argentina: chimichurri is a very popular condiment in argentina and uruguay and is most often used as a dipping sauce or a marinade for meats. my chimichurri shrimp version incorporates dill and lime, which give it a brighter flavor and makes it ideal for spring and summer entertaining. bonnie landy, castro valley, california go to recipe 76 / 95 taste of home pacoca brazil: pacoca (brazilian peanut candy) is an easy treat that has only five ingredients! it's a popular sweet in brazil, and after you try it, i'm sure you'll love it, too. francine lizotte, surrey, british columbia get recipe 77 / 95 78 / 95 brazilian pork & black bean stew during high school, i spent a year in brazil and fell in love with the culture and food. one of my favorite dishes was feijoada, a chili/stew served over white rice. i introduced this easy recipe to my family, and it has become one of our favorite comfort foods. andrea romanczyk, magna, utah go to recipe 79 / 95 taste of home cazuela i learned to make this dish while we were living in chile for a few months. we grow extra butternut squash in our garden just for this recipe. louise schmid, marshall, minnesota go to recipe 80 / 95 easy cuban picadillo cuba: my girlfriend gave me this delicious recipe years ago. i've made it ever since for family and friends, and they all love it. my daughter loves to take leftovers to school for lunch the next day. marie wielgus, wayne, new jersey go to recipe 81 / 95 easy ropa vieja stew cuba: use your slow cooker for this meaty cuban classic, which offers bold flavors without a lot of hands-on time. denise nyland, panama city, florida go to recipe 82 / 95 taste of home lemon & garlic new potatoes this is a simplified version of a dish my costa rican host sister used to make when i was in the peace corps. it has become a favorite side dish at my house. katie bartle, parkville, missouri go to recipe 83 / 95 caribbean curried chicken virgin islands: having grown up in the virgin islands, i've eaten my fair of authentic curried chicken. this recipe hits the mark with big, bold flavors. it's delicious served over rice. sharon gibson, hendersonville, north carolina go to recipe 84 / 95 taste of home coconut mango bread pudding with rum sauce puerto rico: all of the fun flavors of puerto rico come together in a dessert that's both exotic and familiar. topped with a brown sugar rum sauce, it's even better with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream. jennifer jackson, keller, texas go to recipe 85 / 95 taste of home peppered cilantro rice puerto rico: this colorful confetti rice is a traditional dish in puerto rico. we enjoy it in the summer alongside grilled shrimp kabobs, but it is good with most any entree. -laura lunardi of west chester, pennsylvania go to recipe 86 / 95 jamaican-style beef stew jamaica: this delicious stew makes a hearty supper with a lighter touch. the leaner cut of meat, herbs and seasonings and fresh vegetables make it so flavorful, you'll want another bowl! james hayes, ridgecrest, california try these other traditional jamaican foods ! go to recipe 87 / 95 jamaican cabbage and saltfish jamaica: this jamaican cabbage and saltfish recipe is a quick and healthy dish that feels like a slice of home. perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner, this low-calorie meal is full of flavor. candi rookwood-clarke, fort lauderdale, florida go to recipe 88 / 95 jamaican chocolate cookies with caramel creme jamaica: i made these for an office party cookie contestand not a crumb was left on the platter! sweet potatoes are the secret ingredient. canned sweet potatoes will work, too, if you're short on time. noelle myers, grand forks, north dakota go to recipe 89 / 95 quick tacos al pastor we loved the pork and pineapple tacos from a food truck in hawaii. my husband, a high school football referee, gives my version a thumbs-up. lori mclain, denton, texas go to recipe 90 / 95 taste of home conchas mexico: concha (mexican sweet bread) is a breakfast or snack pastry found all over mexico. it has a fluffy brioche-like dough with a crispy streusel topping, scored to resemble a shell. the pastry can come in a variety of colors and other shapes, but i prefer the plain and chocolate streusel. johnna johnson, scottsdale, arizona get recipe 91 / 95 taste of home slow-cooker pork pozole i make this heartwarming stew with pork ribs and hominy often. it's a filling recipe of lightly spiced comfort. genie gunn, asheville, north carolina go to recipe 92 / 95 poutine the ultimate in french-canadian junk food, poutine commonly features warm fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. this side dish is quick to fix with frozen potatoes and packaged gravy but has all the traditional greasy spoon comfort. shelisa terry, henderson, nevada go to recipe 93 / 95 taste of home calgary nanaimo bars this version of nanaimo bars may claim roots in alberta, but the original was said to be dreamed up in a british columbia kitchen. they're three delicious layers of canadian goodness. carol hillier, calgary, alberta go to recipe 94 / 95 all-american hamburgers we do a lot of camping and outdoor cooking. hamburgers are on our menu more than any other food. diane hixon, niceville, florida go to recipe 95 / 95 taste of home all-american pie united states: with apples, cherries and blueberries, this patriotic slab pie even tastes american. if the day doesn't call for stars and stripes, feel free to use any shaped cookie cutters you like for this awe-inspiring potluck dessert. james schend, editor, taste of home get recipe originally published: december 07, 2021 caroline stanko caroline has been with taste of home for the past seven years, working in both print and digital. after starting as an intern for the magazine and special interest publication teams, caroline was hired as the third-ever digital editor for taste of home. since then, she has researched, written and edited content on just every topic the site covers, including cooking techniques, buzzy food news, gift guides and many, many recipe collections. caroline also acts as the editorial lead for video, working with the test kitchen, videographers and social media team to produce videos from start to finish. when she's not tip-tapping on a keyboard, caroline is probably mixing up a killer cocktail, reading a dog-eared library book or cooking up a multi-course feast (sometimes all at once). though she technically lives in milwaukee, there is a 50/50 chance caroline is in chicago or southwest michigan visiting her close-knit family. recipes contests food news health & wellness holidays & events home & living stuff we love test kitchen magazine our brands reader's digest family handyman birds & blooms the healthy us contests rss customer care us log in press room advertise with us policy your ca rights do not sell or my personal information of use accessibility statement ads affiliate program cookie license our content 2024 rda enthusiast brands, llc sign-up for recipes to your inbox enter address taste of home is america's #1 cooking magazine. search we are no longer ing ie (internet explorer) as we strive to provide site experiences for browsers that new web standards and security practices. we recommend our users to update the browser. google chrome apple safari mozilla firefox microsoft edge recipes more items see all recipes cooking gear & gadgets cuisines cooking styles dishes & beverages health & wellness holidays & events ingredients meal types techniques contests food news more items see all food news people in food grocery stores new products recalls restaurants trends health & wellness more items see all health & wellness healthy eating healthy lifestyle tips nutrition tips holidays & events more items see all holidays & events christmas easter halloween st. patrick's day home & living more items see all home & living cleaning & organizing entertaining & hosting family & parenting grocery shopping home decor outdoor living travel stuff we love test kitchen more items see all test kitchen cooking gear & gadgets how to meal planning taste tests test kitchen tips videos submit a recipe newsletters us more items facebook pinterest instagram feedly shop log in / join recipe box