philosophy quotes (27720 quotes) , home my books browse recommendations choice awards genres giveaways new releases lists explore news & interviews genres art biography business children's christian classics comics cookbooks ebooks fantasy fiction graphic novels historical fiction history horror memoir music mystery nonfiction poetry psychology romance science science fiction self sports thriller travel young adult more genres community groups quotes ask the author join view profile profile friends groups discussions comments reading challenge kindle notes & highlights quotes favorite genres friends' recommendations home my books browse recommendations choice awards genres giveaways new releases lists explore news & interviews genres art biography business children's christian classics comics cookbooks ebooks fantasy fiction graphic novels historical fiction history horror memoir music mystery nonfiction poetry psychology romance science science fiction self sports thriller travel young adult more genres community groups quotes ask the author find & quotes with friends with facebook options join goodreads philosophy quotes quotes tagged as "philosophy" showing 1-30 of 27,720 "two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and i'm not sure the universe." albert einstein tags: attributed-no-source , human-nature , humor , infinity , philosophy , science , stupidity , universe 145203 likes like "be the change that you wish to see in the world." mahatma gandhi tags: action , change , inspirational , misattributed-to-gandhi , philosophy , wish 112831 likes like "without music, life would be a mistake." friedrich nietzsche, twilight of the idols tags: inspirational , music , philosophy 72846 likes like "the opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. the opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. the opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. and the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference." elie wiesel tags: activism , apathy , hate , indifference , inspirational , love , opposite , philosophy 41478 likes like "go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company." benjamin franklin wade tags: humor , misattributed-mark-twain , philosophy , theology 19691 likes like "a day without laughter is a day wasted." nicolas chamfort tags: philosophy 14915 likes like "have you ever noticed how 'what the hell' is always the right decision to make?" terry johnson, insignificance tags: humor , misattributed-to-marilyn-monroe , philosophy 13801 likes like "how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." anne frank, anne frank's tales from the secret annex: a collection of her short stories, fables, and lesser-known writings tags: activism , life , optimism , philosophy , world 13238 likes like "never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." margaret mead tags: activism , attributed-no-source , change , inspirational , life , philosophy , world 11305 likes like "you talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts." kahlil gibran, the prophet tags: philosophy , poetry 11147 likes like "man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is." albert camus tags: human-nature , man , mankind , philosophy 10253 likes like "may you live every day of your life." jonathan swift tags: inspirational , life , philosophy , wisdom 10113 likes like "we have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be." may sarton tags: authenticity , life , philosophy , self 9017 likes like "one, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. two, never give up work. work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away." stephen hawking tags: philosophy , science 8563 likes like "if a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?" laurence j. peter tags: human , humor , misattributed-einstein , philosophy , stupidity 8350 likes like "there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so." william shakespear, hamlet tags: philosophy 8036 likes like "it is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!" friedrich nietzsche tags: humor , philosophy 7890 likes like "never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right." isaac asimov, foundation tags: humor , inspirational , philosophy , wisdom 7532 likes like "a human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. he experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. this delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty." albert einstein tags: compassion , einstein , nature , philosophy 7367 likes like "you do not write your life with words...you write it with actions. what you think is not important. it is only important what you do ." patrick ness, a monster calls tags: philosophy , wisdom 5844 likes like "simplicity, patience, compassion. these three are your greatest treasures. simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world." lao tzu, tao te ching tags: inspirational , life , philosophy 5748 likes like "fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. if a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .if we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!" j.r.r. tolkien tags: fantasy , literature , philosophy 5453 likes like "without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible." frank zappa tags: music , philosophy , progress 5393 likes like "trust yourself. you know more than you think you do." benjamin spock tags: parenting , philosophy , self-assurance 5336 likes like "do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric." bertrand russell tags: confidence , eccentricity , philosophy 5247 likes like "the most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. it is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science." albert einstein, the world as i see it tags: 1931 , art , mystery , philosophy , science 5201 likes like "there may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest." elie wiesel tags: activism , ethics , justice , philosophy 5088 likes like "think left and think right and think low and think high. oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!" dr. seuss tags: humor , philosophy 5085 likes like "a woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it." d.h. lawrence, lady chatterley's lover tags: life , living , philosophy , women 4858 likes like "i was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life." fitzgerald f. scott, the great gatsby tags: philosophy 4675 likes like " previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 99 100 next " all quotes my quotes add a quote browse by tag love quotes 95.5k life quotes 76k inspirational quotes 71.5k humor quotes 43k philosophy quotes 29k inspirational quotes quotes 26k god quotes 25.5k truth quotes 23.5k wisdom quotes 23k romance quotes 22k poetry quotes 21.5k death quotes 19.5k happiness quotes 18.5k hope quotes 17.5k faith quotes 17.5k life lessons quotes 17.5k quotes quotes 16.5k inspiration quotes 16k spirituality quotes 14.5k motivational quotes 14.5k religion quotes 14.5k writing quotes 14.5k relationships quotes 14k life quotes quotes 13.5k success quotes 13.5k love quotes quotes 13k time quotes 12.5k motivation quotes 11.5k science quotes 11.5k knowledge quotes 11k company us interest based ads ad preferences work with us authors advertise authors & ads api connect 2024 goodreads, inc. mobile version welcome back. just a moment while we sign you in to your goodreads .